I'm sorry, Daoyou
You dare to betray the Ye family
Don't be tortured again
Ye Family
What is the Ye family?
Dare to bark
It seems it's almost time.
Dad?
Daddy, what are you doing?
The Ye family's stock and property rights
Why are they all targeted?
It's about to collapse, you know?
The Ye family is about to go bankrupt
Really going bankrupt
No matter who you offend
Are you just kneeling and begging him to forgive you?
Otherwise, the Ye family will be finished
You are the sinner of the Ye family through the ages
Do you hear me?
Sorry daughter
Please forgive me.
You are Chen Shao and you can't keep the Ye family
Do you have the heart to watch your enemy go bankrupt?
Ah!
Before you tried to kill my mother
When forcing us to a dead end
Have you ever thought that we are related by blood?
Now subject to these
What a pity!
Hahaha Tianze Bijia will wait for your surgery.
dignity
performance